hi welcome to mock cows for kids I'm
Brianna and I would and we're gonna show
you how to make the tropical okay first
we're gonna need three ounces of
pineapple juice three ounces of ginger
ale one half ounce of grenadine one
maraschino cherry sorry I think that
that should be a mushy no mushroom okay
three ounces of pineapple juice put this
in the shaker which wouldn't shut up
yes our shaker was screaming at us
and then we're going to do another out
sentence three ounces
oh my we saved ourselves there and was
drinking it we saved ourselves
ginger ale which we are going to put in
here let's see so but when we shake this
it doesn't explode on us this ice
oh I'm just
okay now one half ounce grenade
oh there it is
little that's awesome color mmm no
aftertaste is bad ugly 0yz good sour
after such a bad sour that goes in with
the kick of this these two you can
really taste the other um this one
really gets in there together they make
a team um who's good at him okay watch
the other day how many pluto's new
rounds how many poodles do you have okay
oh what's your favorite wink let's see
okay do it
what is your favorite drink boom when's
your birthday
oh let's go of mind
do you like Jerry Cisco if not how many
people like Mary's job might how many
pillows do that do I series and you
don't have to draw me close um if you do
you can size it in but like
yeah the green kind the green Oh what's
your favorite type of cherry it's a
green time that regular kind the the wet
time we're using now the plain time
that's not dipped in the sauce some
black ones that are hey bye I'm gonna
drink the soda juice why I don't get
hyper don't drink any more of that wait
we're so going can have a couple that is
that out have a couple dish out of that
add it up